demos/Dataverse-Performance-Testing/readme.md, before:

# Dataverse Performance Testing

## Test conditions
- In a GCC environment
- In a Sandbox environment

## Schema
Tests will be performed on a custom table, `Animal`, in a ficticious farm management use case. 

The `Animal` table will have the following schema:
- ID, an autonumber(Primary column)
- Name (string)
- Species (option set)
- Date of Birth (date)
- Weight, in pounds (whole number, integer)
- Daily Feed Intake, in pounds (decimal number)

The `Animal Species` option set will have the following options
- Cow
- Pig
- Chicken
- Sheep
- Horse
- Goat

You can download a **solution** with the option set, table, and a simple model-driven app [here](https://github.com/microsoft/SLG-Business-Applications/releases/download/16/DataversePerformanceTesting_1_0_0_1.zip).

You can download a **solution** with all the content as the solution above, **except the table is a virtual table** (not a standard table) [here](https://github.com/microsoft/SLG-Business-Applications/releases/download/17/DataversePerformanceTestingwElasticTable_1_0_0_1.zip). *(you have to append `powerappsEntities.elasticTables=true` to the URL in GCC when creating the table to have the option of a virtual table)*

## Tests
Tests will run for at least 60 minutes, or as long as a single programmatic authentication into Dataverse lasts (generally ~70 minutes). Continuous uploads/upserts/updates will be POSTed to the Dataverse web API, in various formats, and this will continue with no delay/wait until the access token expires (and thus an error is given). By comparing the ratio of records impacted vs. time, we can determine which methods were fastest.

We will be comparing the performance of the following methods:
- **Test 1**: One record per HTTP request, each request one-by-one - 30,642 records in 62.4 minutes, or **491 records/minute**
- **Test 2**: One record per HTTP reqquest, but HTTP requests sent concurrently in groups of 50. - **1,600 records/minute** (rate limited to 8,000 calls per 300 second period)
- **Test 3**: Multiple records per HTTP request using the [CreateMultiple](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/bulk-operations?tabs=webapi#createmultiple) service, each HTTP request one-by-one.
    - Batches of 50 per HTTP call - **7,870 records/minute**
    - Batches of 100 per HTTP call - **8,241 records/minute**
    - Batches of 500 per HTTP call - **9,202 records/minute**
    - Batches of 1000 per HTTP call - **9,100 records/minute**
- **Test 4**: Multiple records per HTTP requests using the [CreateMultiple](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/bulk-operations?tabs=webapi#createmultiple) service, but HTTP requests sent concurrently in groups of 50.
    - Batches of 50 per HTTP call - **29,837 records/minute**
    - Batches of 100 per HTTP call - **30,900 records/minute**, but execution time limited
    - Batches of 500 per HTTP call - **30,330 records/minute**, but execution time limited
    - Batches of 1000 per HTTP call - **30,080 records/minute**, but execution time limited
- **Test 5**: Multiple records per HTTP requests using the [CreateMultiple](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/bulk-operations?tabs=webapi#createmultiple) service, but HTTP requests sent concurrently in groups of 50, against an [Elastic Table](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/elastic-tables).
    - Batches of 50 per HTTP call
    - Batches of 100 per HTTP call
    - Batches of 500 per HTTP call
    - Batches of 1000 per HTTP call

## Number of Requests Limit
After receiving the following error, it appears the maximum number of requests cannot exceed 8,000 requests over a 300 second period.

```
{"error":{"code":"0x80072322","message":"Number of requests exceeded the limit of
8000 over time window of 300 seconds."}}
```

So, we cannot exceed 8,000 individual requests per 5 minutes, which is 1,600 calls per minute.

This rate limit, and the error code, are documented [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/api-limits?tabs=sdk).

## Request Duration Limit
The combined execution time of each request is also tracked, summed together, and rate limited. This became apparent in the error message below that occured while doing a `CreateMultiple` request @ 50 concurrent requests, each containing 100 records.

```
{"error":{"code":"0x80072321","message":"Combined execution time of incoming requests exceeded limit of 1200000     
milliseconds over time window of 300 seconds. Decrease number of concurrent requests or reduce the duration of requests and try again later."}}
```

Commit message:

Restored test 5 (one request at a time)

demos/Dataverse-Performance-Testing/readme.md, after:

# Dataverse Performance Testing

## Test conditions
- In a GCC environment
- In a Sandbox environment

## Schema
Tests will be performed on a custom table, `Animal`, in a ficticious farm management use case. 

The `Animal` table will have the following schema:
- ID, an autonumber(Primary column)
- Name (string)
- Species (option set)
- Date of Birth (date)
- Weight, in pounds (whole number, integer)
- Daily Feed Intake, in pounds (decimal number)

The `Animal Species` option set will have the following options
- Cow
- Pig
- Chicken
- Sheep
- Horse
- Goat

You can download a **solution** with the option set, table, and a simple model-driven app [here](https://github.com/microsoft/SLG-Business-Applications/releases/download/16/DataversePerformanceTesting_1_0_0_1.zip).

You can download a **solution** with all the content as the solution above, **except the table is a virtual table** (not a standard table) [here](https://github.com/microsoft/SLG-Business-Applications/releases/download/17/DataversePerformanceTestingwElasticTable_1_0_0_1.zip). *(you have to append `powerappsEntities.elasticTables=true` to the URL in GCC when creating the table to have the option of a virtual table)*

## Tests
Tests will run for at least 60 minutes, or as long as a single programmatic authentication into Dataverse lasts (generally ~70 minutes). Continuous uploads/upserts/updates will be POSTed to the Dataverse web API, in various formats, and this will continue with no delay/wait until the access token expires (and thus an error is given). By comparing the ratio of records impacted vs. time, we can determine which methods were fastest.

We will be comparing the performance of the following methods:
- **Test 1**: One record per HTTP request, each request one-by-one - 30,642 records in 62.4 minutes, or **491 records/minute**
- **Test 2**: One record per HTTP reqquest, but HTTP requests sent concurrently in groups of 50. - **1,600 records/minute** (rate limited to 8,000 calls per 300 second period)
- **Test 3**: Multiple records per HTTP request using the [CreateMultiple](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/bulk-operations?tabs=webapi#createmultiple) service, each HTTP request one-by-one.
    - Batches of 50 per HTTP call - **7,870 records/minute**
    - Batches of 100 per HTTP call - **8,241 records/minute**
    - Batches of 500 per HTTP call - **9,202 records/minute**
    - Batches of 1000 per HTTP call - **9,100 records/minute**
- **Test 4**: Multiple records per HTTP requests using the [CreateMultiple](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/bulk-operations?tabs=webapi#createmultiple) service, but HTTP requests sent concurrently in groups of 50.
    - Batches of 50 per HTTP call - **29,837 records/minute**
    - Batches of 100 per HTTP call - **30,900 records/minute**, but execution time limited
    - Batches of 500 per HTTP call - **30,330 records/minute**, but execution time limited
    - Batches of 1000 per HTTP call - **30,080 records/minute**, but execution time limited
- **Test 5**: Multiple records per HTTP request using the [CreateMultiple](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/bulk-operations?tabs=webapi#createmultiple) service, each HTTP request one-by-one, against an [Elastic Table](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/elastic-tables).
    - Batches of 50 per HTTP call
    - Batches of 100 per HTTP call
    - Batches of 500 per HTTP call
    - Batches of 1000 per HTTP call
- **Test 6**: Multiple records per HTTP requests using the [CreateMultiple](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/bulk-operations?tabs=webapi#createmultiple) service, but HTTP requests sent concurrently in groups of 50, against an [Elastic Table](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/elastic-tables).
    - Batches of 50 per HTTP call
    - Batches of 100 per HTTP call
    - Batches of 500 per HTTP call
    - Batches of 1000 per HTTP call

## Number of Requests Limit
After receiving the following error, it appears the maximum number of requests cannot exceed 8,000 requests over a 300 second period.

```
{"error":{"code":"0x80072322","message":"Number of requests exceeded the limit of
8000 over time window of 300 seconds."}}
```

So, we cannot exceed 8,000 individual requests per 5 minutes, which is 1,600 calls per minute.

This rate limit, and the error code, are documented [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/api-limits?tabs=sdk).

## Request Duration Limit
The combined execution time of each request is also tracked, summed together, and rate limited. This became apparent in the error message below that occured while doing a `CreateMultiple` request @ 50 concurrent requests, each containing 100 records.

```
{"error":{"code":"0x80072321","message":"Combined execution time of incoming requests exceeded limit of 1200000     
milliseconds over time window of 300 seconds. Decrease number of concurrent requests or reduce the duration of requests and try again later."}}
```
