Tech Series/Case-Mgt-Build-Series/readme.md, before:

# State & Local Government Case Management Build Series
Want to build an enterprise solution with us?  

Our January 2025 Tech Series features a 3-part solution build series leveraging Dynamics 365 and Power Apps. The use case will be an Equal Opportunity Case Management system built on Dynamics 365 Case Management, Dataverse, Power Pages and an inspections app for a front-line worker. Overall objective of this session is to teach the end-to-end process for designing and developing an enterprise solution with multiple user experiences on Microsoft Business Applications. The foundational assets will be available on our GitHub Repo to download and follow along or build your own case management system regardless of the department or agency nuances.

## Part 1: Configuring Dynamics 365 Case Management for Your Needs
In the first part of the build series, we learn how to configure a Dynamics 365 Case Management instance to meet our particular needs!

Watch the recording [here](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dggbJCndsselT0w9r83hzAwCwT9N___T36SgThPLUSSIGN6JH___hIBHJSweDPRu7ifWNketSPLUSSIGNO1xoDPLUSSIGNfgO7lCeRAv0urAsoUpR).

## Part 2: Expanding your D365 Case Management System with Power Pages
In the second part of the build series, we extend the functionality of our Case Mgmt system with a public-facing Power Pages-based portal!

Watch the recording [here](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgi9YNGvVX6tPRABpItIuSI9jJk83TKzYDHUb2G6qcJHEhtaZhwWKFiX2pLiQaHVlwmaQcvemQi3ic8pN6MR5f6c).

## Part 3: Adding a Canvas App for the Front Line Inspection Worker
In the third and final part of the build series, we create a Power Apps Canvas app to be used by a front-line inspection worker!

Register for this January 30, 2025 session [here](https://msit.events.teams.microsoft.com/event/eb7b7e6c-32a1-40e2-979a-fe4939c13c22@72f988bf-86f1-41af-91ab-2d7cd011db47).

Commit message:

Added recording and slide deck

Tech Series/Case-Mgt-Build-Series/readme.md, after:

# State & Local Government Case Management Build Series
Want to build an enterprise solution with us?  

Our January 2025 Tech Series features a 3-part solution build series leveraging Dynamics 365 and Power Apps. The use case will be an Equal Opportunity Case Management system built on Dynamics 365 Case Management, Dataverse, Power Pages and an inspections app for a front-line worker. Overall objective of this session is to teach the end-to-end process for designing and developing an enterprise solution with multiple user experiences on Microsoft Business Applications. The foundational assets will be available on our GitHub Repo to download and follow along or build your own case management system regardless of the department or agency nuances.

## Part 1: Configuring Dynamics 365 Case Management for Your Needs
In the first part of the build series, we learn how to configure a Dynamics 365 Case Management instance to meet our particular needs!

Watch the recording [here](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dggbJCndsselT0w9r83hzAwCwT9N___T36SgThPLUSSIGN6JH___hIBHJSweDPRu7ifWNketSPLUSSIGNO1xoDPLUSSIGNfgO7lCeRAv0urAsoUpR).

## Part 2: Expanding your D365 Case Management System with Power Pages
In the second part of the build series, we extend the functionality of our Case Mgmt system with a public-facing Power Pages-based portal!

Watch the recording [here](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgi9YNGvVX6tPRABpItIuSI9jJk83TKzYDHUb2G6qcJHEhtaZhwWKFiX2pLiQaHVlwmaQcvemQi3ic8pN6MR5f6c).

## Part 3: Adding a Canvas App for the Front Line Inspection Worker
In the third and final part of the build series, we create a Power Apps Canvas app to be used by a front-line inspection worker!

Watch the recording [here](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dggLMRAUPueI9EzuiNG2WTW7jdjt8CUactVxkoQOa71MPO46GFR0Hqbmg1___AqTo6HsxEyfagC1WMWNPLUSSIGNqxoX7zmh1).

You can open the slide deck that was used in the presentation [here](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dghqq6ngwBIBnaEZ53PZvNorfY0aw60xHdSFVsCwU6L3WzLgi4iCjUorUXyXIPLUSSIGNO3d4pk6aC0v97SE3niSZHKThan).
