Tech Series/readme.md, before:

# SLG Business Applications Tech Series
The Microsoft SLG Business Applications team presents a series of monthly sessions to educate, inform, and inspire State & Local government organizations to achieve more with Power Platform!

We deliver valuable insights and expertise across three pillars, each month, to cater to diverse needs and skill levels:
- **Dynamics 365 Pillar** - Focused on Microsoft Dynamics 365, this pillar explores Dynamics 365 first party capabilities, highlighting the opportunities to drive digital transformation in State & Local governments. We'll demonstrate how D365 can be leveraged to meet specific government needs.
- **Low-Code Pillar** - Designed for non-technical users and business analysts, this pillar focuses on empowering citizen developers to build custom applications without extensive coding knowledge. We'll showcase the latest Power Platform features and best practices to accelerate digital transformation in State & Local governments.
- **Pro-Code Pillar** - Geared towards professional developers and IT professionals, this pillar delves into the advanced capabilities of Power Platform, including integrations, APIs, and custom development. Our experts will share in-depth knowledge and hands-on guidance to help you unlock the full potential of Power Platform.

You can find an archive of all previous sessions below:

|Month|Dynamics 365|Low Code|Pro Code|
|-|-|-|-|
|December 2022|What's new in Customer Service Wave 2 Release?|Top Announcements at Power Platform Conference|
|January 2023||Governance: General Practices & Considerations|
|February 2023||Portals to Power Pages|Fusion Development|
|March 2023|Enhance Constituent Experience with Efficient Case Management|Document Automation|[Power App Version Control in Git](https://youtu.be/wiS2uf2C9uc)|
|April 2023|Online Scheduling|Canvas or Model-driven Apps|Extend Power Pages Logic with Liquid Templating|
|May 2023|[5 Things You Didn't Know you Needed to Know about D365 Finance](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dggSr___03VrQKW82wPLUSSIGNuMBaQmQOGFakfdfsP3zONKJOLDoc4c1XoCuXmG3AawzAFd6GL99xFK6l4TZFPG05___9VVMa1)|[Next Generation AI and The Power Platform: Enabling Governments to Deliver Better Services](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgi9YNGvVX6tPRABpItIuSI9oLfY9qmf1qcuMpLSGjNZlycIhaLQVsOEPX6uttxB09zY5DBOoSmkuhFBlm21ygOP)|[ALM Basics for Power Platform](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgiKnVD3svPD___YJuwkMpZPLUSSIGNTPWSKPda1UTAMMIehfF3CbyFTToPLUSSIGNv3eO4FJiC6TwrVrfdIPDgrPJ___BgrxB0i08Dmyj)|
|June 2023|[Dataverse & Power BI: How Governments Unlock Their Data](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dghqq6ngwBIBnaEZ53PZvNorvpKtXFxuG9Ei7F2CLvtm5kAbFSmrkBcUV73ifNIiKdThe3EYj7UteigvPgGIVTUA)|[Supercharging Productivity with Power Platform and Teams](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dggLMRAUPueI9EzuiNG2WTW7roiUoEVmg2VjdIIKUi2yFr430Wp52wsVaCGUfZjaX___lC0TyAhktzJFUP40QzJY76)|[Dataverse Web API](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgi9YNGvVX6tPRABpItIuSI9vtgSH7xmSoDvtNEAv___mb2yIdvemQ0naVpyvbAIzhHiyfHbEicWGereonBD1HPxiV)|
|July 2023|[What's New in Customer Service 2023 Wave 1?](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/mMG1GC7AX95dFnWA1RBRmB1HJDOXMPPLUSSIGNgcXo5dr9dG4EerodniCsUHVGRg2eRvZPLUSSIGNKYW3Yc5qZ1s2WYhEkBe1xoz___nXphJ4arhaX5Wke6XKqPuaosP1jIMn20pMNaRjRLX)|[ALM Made Easy through Pipelines and Managed Environments](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/mMG1GC7AX95dFnWA1RBRmB1HJDOXMPPLUSSIGNgcXo5dr9dG4Ev61NhFqh6WGTHXqJE21kChBZXQFXDiESp6CKzkxv87PLUSSIGNTo8kQqPaCgLxFpvyrnkGyqs4vj8C5gZSlahsFjySe4)|*(joint with low-code)*|
|August 2023|[What is Customer Service Copilot?](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/mMG1GC7AX95dFnWA1RBRmB1HJDOXMPPLUSSIGNgcXo5dr9dG4F4XUXa35jBJJYNFYnwj4uCyzY6u___TfFCF2PLUSSIGNIE1mNLSpz8FWRQaPLUSSIGNNGuFSPLUSSIGNgbPzt7xsxerGC6moPjwuH6vBaY2WM)|[Dataverse Security Best Practices](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/mMG1GC7AX95dFnWA1RBRmB1HJDOXMPPLUSSIGNgcXo5dr9dG4HibXsx51FDKCvCetB80KNKQR8o92GRAD1FqRsbIYyoYuU2pNK0cB2vDzvgAywPLUSSIGNl6PLUSSIGNovq4zXpjPj4r15Y8EsAhO)|[Accelerating Innovation: Why Low Code?](https://youtu.be/v6Pmv8G7t8k)|
|September 2023|[Elevating State & Local Governments with D365 SLAs](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/mMG1GC7AX95dFnWA1RBRmB1HJDOXMPPLUSSIGNgcXo5dr9dG4HibXsx51FDKCvCetB80KNKMde10G6OrgKDDfBlZbQT3AmVW2Y8WQDSaz25Bd2eUtxuJ4hGC6rfZ6WK62Pugmds)|[Government Cloud AI Showcase](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/mMG1GC7AX95dFnWA1RBRmB1HJDOXMPPLUSSIGNgcXo5dr9dG4EGilp8eRLo2HqTtq9yPLUSSIGNkXVi3BQaT50WMQqe8d___U9Ob91igOBoyTv8lLtM5hgkGqiiDPqsSDrRKQts6VJAIlJKz)|[Integrating Generative AI (“GPT”) into Power Platform Solutions](https://youtu.be/Y6rJ0pm8ApU)|
|October 2023|[Knowledge Article Deep Dive](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgj5gPX6sqPLUSSIGNf5ZWKg578uu5fwpUyGHoFkZBvGT89sRZKJSvE4nItYyyorsd___SrS1O4G7___pLPLUSSIGNynyfhVknIxlJLqfn)|[Can I build that on SharePoint? (why Dataverse?)](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgiKnVD3svPD___YJuwkMpZPLUSSIGNTPFGBMfnRyLHW60yafRgANTvPmMh2NOVu3qxU7rrnmZvhW73xXUv6yt5sg1xyW9nmj)|[Administration of Power Platform with CLI Tool](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgijFwom9x8HylJUfOWdMh5XNqIKlxzFVPLUSSIGNGnU1Daz4MFdTl3xVQu3dtPo___6BXKUplUTw1PmxN0oH88JBn7LQ8V5S)|
|November 2023|[Empowering Government Agencies: Revolutionize Citizen Engagement with Dynamics 365](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgjuwnImtRiJF6PwmCRoEEWL6ESPcUJtxKy3yI3Qtseb1VLRJI0vuYmw92p9Ie9jk3ft5oKzGCJtwajShNKQJVTj)|[Power Pages 101 - Where does Power Pages Fit in?](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgj5gPX6sqPLUSSIGNf5ZWKg578uu5fC9FEACpgy1mJbxlK6m138P0WsHprxZE2VOV8KwDZwurlDhFoCYYxUfx___XLPLUSSIGNkJCYG)|[Power Pages Pro Development via a Citizen Request Portal](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgijFwom9x8HylJUfOWdMh5XPIqYJQSEf3O07UZ___FsM0CMIOy9ISEHvKmztM3EbErmZ91DBidTipDPLUSSIGNQwmDejTRpl)|
|December 2023|[Utilize out of the box D365 Portal Templates – Constituent Self Service](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgiBFKwk7PLUSSIGNrPO2ZWWrcXUpyRZqiZvCsgB7fmFKDvel8dsNJfWYBAlNzWGvWBhMLK657alpXywkSz3QhqW09YttY2)|
|January 2024|[Field Service for State & Local Government](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgiDAmMvyrensPLUSSIGNeGxUBlT8fl6dfeA___6p43W3WLPfvPEPIPrKr3Cg8zFrQiWUDgmtQExYI0juVdjNb___w90rxjhbm2)|[Advancing Hyperautomation with Power Automate RPA](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgj4aXPPTryzNFVtNkwI0BGJowRCCMH1KKEUgIuw0TjU1lcZtSFaa0FCyGN0Ks9CdkVyefX6AHOMC9D3OgCrhvWF)|[Building Beautiful UI and Intuitive UX with Power Apps](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dghoo6eTazu___ev7RPLUSSIGN5HXKuip64XIJGcJMOYKGE1KRML2ZzViQYgo6lCEcoVHbTCAVycmcuVfVIXKn___MenCLX2IPLUSSIGN0)|
|February 2024|Microsoft Customer Insights for State & Local Governments|[Come and get your "must-have" apps!](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dggSr___03VrQKW82wPLUSSIGNuMBaQmQgUBG6Gk9c4cmktQ1pDrUeMB6Vj2PsNTza___lULGAUxK3dLwro9cxkdpsLDPLUSSIGNnUbOr0)|[Building Custom Connectors: Actions & Triggers](https://youtu.be/ZHqJPOizSaA)|
|March 2024|[D365 Unified Routing for State & Local Government](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgjuwnImtRiJF6PwmCRoEEWLlZO___s55fY4HjR4SEqy0ksqWgABgjCzEjK___Jq2pyyNF3VlFlUdKwDx9O3aonk2U6B)|Upping Your Workflow Game|[Driving an RC Car from 1,000+ miles away with Power Apps and On-Premises Gateways](https://youtu.be/N07bm8hnp_0)|
|April 2024|[Customer Service Latest Feature Release Review](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dggbJCndsselT0w9r83hzAwCVGy8Q22O9FXl3AdHNLGe2xSYJVOI6EBA89iYBH8lyaLTiZz3Z1X6E4QV9TJZZgym)|[Unlocking the Magic of Canvas Apps: Intermediate Techniques for Savvy Makers](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgi9YNGvVX6tPRABpItIuSI9lPfjcSk4PLUSSIGNxPNroTQwslOSFKh8Wf9MWPrSg23BExljxYHym1uFKY7ciJPLUSSIGNdxUv9Qg4)|[Maximizing Power Fx's Potential: A Pro Developer's Guide](https://youtu.be/k3r19iaumDM)|
|May 2024|Wave 1 and Beyond CY24: Finance & Operations New Features, Updates and Roadmap|Building your own Controls: Reusable Components|Introduction to Power Apps Component Framework (PCF)|
|June 2024|Managing Solutions and Layering in Dynamics 365|Responsive App Design|Accessibility|

Commit message:

Added further verbiage on tech sessions

Tech Series/readme.md, after:

# SLG Business Applications Tech Series
The Microsoft SLG Business Applications team presents a series of monthly sessions to educate, inform, and inspire State & Local government organizations to achieve more with Power Platform!

We deliver valuable insights and expertise across three pillars, each month, to cater to diverse needs and skill levels:
- **Dynamics 365 Pillar** - Focused on Microsoft Dynamics 365, this pillar explores Dynamics 365 first party capabilities, highlighting the opportunities to drive digital transformation in State & Local governments. We'll demonstrate how D365 can be leveraged to meet specific government needs.
- **Low-Code Pillar** - Designed for non-technical users and business analysts, this pillar focuses on empowering citizen developers to build custom applications without extensive coding knowledge. We'll showcase the latest Power Platform features and best practices to accelerate digital transformation in State & Local governments.
- **Pro-Code Pillar** - Geared towards professional developers and IT professionals, this pillar delves into the advanced capabilities of Power Platform, including integrations, APIs, and custom development. Our experts will share in-depth knowledge and hands-on guidance to help you unlock the full potential of Power Platform.

By attending these monthly sessions, you'll gain a deeper understanding of Power Platform and its applications in State & Local government, as well as valuable insights from Microsoft experts and peers. Join us to stay ahead of the curve and achieve more with Power Platform!

You can find an archive of all previous sessions below:

|Month|Dynamics 365|Low Code|Pro Code|
|-|-|-|-|
|December 2022|What's new in Customer Service Wave 2 Release?|Top Announcements at Power Platform Conference|
|January 2023||Governance: General Practices & Considerations|
|February 2023||Portals to Power Pages|Fusion Development|
|March 2023|Enhance Constituent Experience with Efficient Case Management|Document Automation|[Power App Version Control in Git](https://youtu.be/wiS2uf2C9uc)|
|April 2023|Online Scheduling|Canvas or Model-driven Apps|Extend Power Pages Logic with Liquid Templating|
|May 2023|[5 Things You Didn't Know you Needed to Know about D365 Finance](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dggSr___03VrQKW82wPLUSSIGNuMBaQmQOGFakfdfsP3zONKJOLDoc4c1XoCuXmG3AawzAFd6GL99xFK6l4TZFPG05___9VVMa1)|[Next Generation AI and The Power Platform: Enabling Governments to Deliver Better Services](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgi9YNGvVX6tPRABpItIuSI9oLfY9qmf1qcuMpLSGjNZlycIhaLQVsOEPX6uttxB09zY5DBOoSmkuhFBlm21ygOP)|[ALM Basics for Power Platform](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgiKnVD3svPD___YJuwkMpZPLUSSIGNTPWSKPda1UTAMMIehfF3CbyFTToPLUSSIGNv3eO4FJiC6TwrVrfdIPDgrPJ___BgrxB0i08Dmyj)|
|June 2023|[Dataverse & Power BI: How Governments Unlock Their Data](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dghqq6ngwBIBnaEZ53PZvNorvpKtXFxuG9Ei7F2CLvtm5kAbFSmrkBcUV73ifNIiKdThe3EYj7UteigvPgGIVTUA)|[Supercharging Productivity with Power Platform and Teams](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dggLMRAUPueI9EzuiNG2WTW7roiUoEVmg2VjdIIKUi2yFr430Wp52wsVaCGUfZjaX___lC0TyAhktzJFUP40QzJY76)|[Dataverse Web API](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgi9YNGvVX6tPRABpItIuSI9vtgSH7xmSoDvtNEAv___mb2yIdvemQ0naVpyvbAIzhHiyfHbEicWGereonBD1HPxiV)|
|July 2023|[What's New in Customer Service 2023 Wave 1?](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/mMG1GC7AX95dFnWA1RBRmB1HJDOXMPPLUSSIGNgcXo5dr9dG4EerodniCsUHVGRg2eRvZPLUSSIGNKYW3Yc5qZ1s2WYhEkBe1xoz___nXphJ4arhaX5Wke6XKqPuaosP1jIMn20pMNaRjRLX)|[ALM Made Easy through Pipelines and Managed Environments](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/mMG1GC7AX95dFnWA1RBRmB1HJDOXMPPLUSSIGNgcXo5dr9dG4Ev61NhFqh6WGTHXqJE21kChBZXQFXDiESp6CKzkxv87PLUSSIGNTo8kQqPaCgLxFpvyrnkGyqs4vj8C5gZSlahsFjySe4)|*(joint with low-code)*|
|August 2023|[What is Customer Service Copilot?](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/mMG1GC7AX95dFnWA1RBRmB1HJDOXMPPLUSSIGNgcXo5dr9dG4F4XUXa35jBJJYNFYnwj4uCyzY6u___TfFCF2PLUSSIGNIE1mNLSpz8FWRQaPLUSSIGNNGuFSPLUSSIGNgbPzt7xsxerGC6moPjwuH6vBaY2WM)|[Dataverse Security Best Practices](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/mMG1GC7AX95dFnWA1RBRmB1HJDOXMPPLUSSIGNgcXo5dr9dG4HibXsx51FDKCvCetB80KNKQR8o92GRAD1FqRsbIYyoYuU2pNK0cB2vDzvgAywPLUSSIGNl6PLUSSIGNovq4zXpjPj4r15Y8EsAhO)|[Accelerating Innovation: Why Low Code?](https://youtu.be/v6Pmv8G7t8k)|
|September 2023|[Elevating State & Local Governments with D365 SLAs](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/mMG1GC7AX95dFnWA1RBRmB1HJDOXMPPLUSSIGNgcXo5dr9dG4HibXsx51FDKCvCetB80KNKMde10G6OrgKDDfBlZbQT3AmVW2Y8WQDSaz25Bd2eUtxuJ4hGC6rfZ6WK62Pugmds)|[Government Cloud AI Showcase](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/mMG1GC7AX95dFnWA1RBRmB1HJDOXMPPLUSSIGNgcXo5dr9dG4EGilp8eRLo2HqTtq9yPLUSSIGNkXVi3BQaT50WMQqe8d___U9Ob91igOBoyTv8lLtM5hgkGqiiDPqsSDrRKQts6VJAIlJKz)|[Integrating Generative AI (“GPT”) into Power Platform Solutions](https://youtu.be/Y6rJ0pm8ApU)|
|October 2023|[Knowledge Article Deep Dive](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgj5gPX6sqPLUSSIGNf5ZWKg578uu5fwpUyGHoFkZBvGT89sRZKJSvE4nItYyyorsd___SrS1O4G7___pLPLUSSIGNynyfhVknIxlJLqfn)|[Can I build that on SharePoint? (why Dataverse?)](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgiKnVD3svPD___YJuwkMpZPLUSSIGNTPFGBMfnRyLHW60yafRgANTvPmMh2NOVu3qxU7rrnmZvhW73xXUv6yt5sg1xyW9nmj)|[Administration of Power Platform with CLI Tool](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgijFwom9x8HylJUfOWdMh5XNqIKlxzFVPLUSSIGNGnU1Daz4MFdTl3xVQu3dtPo___6BXKUplUTw1PmxN0oH88JBn7LQ8V5S)|
|November 2023|[Empowering Government Agencies: Revolutionize Citizen Engagement with Dynamics 365](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgjuwnImtRiJF6PwmCRoEEWL6ESPcUJtxKy3yI3Qtseb1VLRJI0vuYmw92p9Ie9jk3ft5oKzGCJtwajShNKQJVTj)|[Power Pages 101 - Where does Power Pages Fit in?](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgj5gPX6sqPLUSSIGNf5ZWKg578uu5fC9FEACpgy1mJbxlK6m138P0WsHprxZE2VOV8KwDZwurlDhFoCYYxUfx___XLPLUSSIGNkJCYG)|[Power Pages Pro Development via a Citizen Request Portal](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgijFwom9x8HylJUfOWdMh5XPIqYJQSEf3O07UZ___FsM0CMIOy9ISEHvKmztM3EbErmZ91DBidTipDPLUSSIGNQwmDejTRpl)|
|December 2023|[Utilize out of the box D365 Portal Templates – Constituent Self Service](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgiBFKwk7PLUSSIGNrPO2ZWWrcXUpyRZqiZvCsgB7fmFKDvel8dsNJfWYBAlNzWGvWBhMLK657alpXywkSz3QhqW09YttY2)|
|January 2024|[Field Service for State & Local Government](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgiDAmMvyrensPLUSSIGNeGxUBlT8fl6dfeA___6p43W3WLPfvPEPIPrKr3Cg8zFrQiWUDgmtQExYI0juVdjNb___w90rxjhbm2)|[Advancing Hyperautomation with Power Automate RPA](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgj4aXPPTryzNFVtNkwI0BGJowRCCMH1KKEUgIuw0TjU1lcZtSFaa0FCyGN0Ks9CdkVyefX6AHOMC9D3OgCrhvWF)|[Building Beautiful UI and Intuitive UX with Power Apps](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dghoo6eTazu___ev7RPLUSSIGN5HXKuip64XIJGcJMOYKGE1KRML2ZzViQYgo6lCEcoVHbTCAVycmcuVfVIXKn___MenCLX2IPLUSSIGN0)|
|February 2024|Microsoft Customer Insights for State & Local Governments|[Come and get your "must-have" apps!](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dggSr___03VrQKW82wPLUSSIGNuMBaQmQgUBG6Gk9c4cmktQ1pDrUeMB6Vj2PsNTza___lULGAUxK3dLwro9cxkdpsLDPLUSSIGNnUbOr0)|[Building Custom Connectors: Actions & Triggers](https://youtu.be/ZHqJPOizSaA)|
|March 2024|[D365 Unified Routing for State & Local Government](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgjuwnImtRiJF6PwmCRoEEWLlZO___s55fY4HjR4SEqy0ksqWgABgjCzEjK___Jq2pyyNF3VlFlUdKwDx9O3aonk2U6B)|Upping Your Workflow Game|[Driving an RC Car from 1,000+ miles away with Power Apps and On-Premises Gateways](https://youtu.be/N07bm8hnp_0)|
|April 2024|[Customer Service Latest Feature Release Review](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dggbJCndsselT0w9r83hzAwCVGy8Q22O9FXl3AdHNLGe2xSYJVOI6EBA89iYBH8lyaLTiZz3Z1X6E4QV9TJZZgym)|[Unlocking the Magic of Canvas Apps: Intermediate Techniques for Savvy Makers](https://livesend.microsoft.com/i/NqaQHb___OBsMA0RCWxxyKORdH8U0E3GeFCTm8ZcE4dgi9YNGvVX6tPRABpItIuSI9lPfjcSk4PLUSSIGNxPNroTQwslOSFKh8Wf9MWPrSg23BExljxYHym1uFKY7ciJPLUSSIGNdxUv9Qg4)|[Maximizing Power Fx's Potential: A Pro Developer's Guide](https://youtu.be/k3r19iaumDM)|
|May 2024|Wave 1 and Beyond CY24: Finance & Operations New Features, Updates and Roadmap|Building your own Controls: Reusable Components|Introduction to Power Apps Component Framework (PCF)|
|June 2024|Managing Solutions and Layering in Dynamics 365|Responsive App Design|Accessibility|
