demos/readme.md, before:

# Microsoft Business Applications Demos
We are pleased to share these SLG-related Microsoft Power Platform/Dynamics 365 demos with you under [the MIT license](./../LICENSE). Please note the following:

- Provided As-Is: The code and assets are provided on an "as-is" basis. While we have made efforts to ensure their quality, we do not guarantee their functionality, completeness, or suitability for any particular purpose.
- No Liability: We cannot be held liable for any damages or issues arising from the use or misuse of the code and assets. This includes but is not limited to any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages.
- No Support: We do not offer any support or maintenance for the code and assets. You are free to modify, distribute, or use them as per the terms of the MIT License, but we cannot assist you in troubleshooting, customization, or any other aspect.

By accessing and utilizing the code and assets, you agree to these terms. For further information regarding the MIT License, please refer to [the accompanying LICENSE file](./../LICENSE).

### Health and Human Services (HHS)
These demos are specifically crafted for Health and Human Services.
|Title|Description|
|-|-|
|[C.H.A.S.E. - Child Welffare AI Assistant](./CHASE/)|AI companion that uses natural language understanding to simplify and streamline child welfare case management, allowing caseworkers to quickly access information, save time, and focus on ensuring the health and safety of children.|

### Public Safety & Justice
These demos are specifically crafted for a Department of Corrections.
|Title|Description|
|-|-|
|[I.R.I.S. - Case Investigations AI Bot](./IRIS/)|Embedded AI system in a case management platform. Employs next-gen generative AI to aid public investigators in various investigation tasks|

### Human Resources
These demos are focused on Human Resources-related functions.
|Title|Description|
|-|-|
|[HR Onboarding/Offboarding and Approval Routing](./onboarding-offboarding-approval/)|Following the request/approval process for onboarding of employees, managing of access catalogs, security roles, and more|

### Pro-Dev Focused
These demos are focused on demonstrating a particular technology, feature, or functionality in the platform.
|Title|Description|
|-|-|
|[Dataverse Web API Authentication and CRUD](./Dataverse-API/)|A Postman collection demonstrating use of the Dataverse Web API|
|[Capturing Air Quality Data from an On-Premises Resource via a Data Gateway](https://github.com/TimHanewich/Air-Quality-IoT)|This demonstrates how you can accomplish bidirectional communication with an on-premises server (on your local server) via a *data gateway* that "brokers" the communication between your local service and the Azure cloud (Power Apps). **Scroll down to find the Power Platform portion!**|
|[Leveraging a SQL database with Power Apps](./PowerApps-with-SQL/)|Basic demonstration of bidirectional communication with a SQL database (reading/writing via CRUD operations) in a Power Apps Canvas App|

### UI/UX Design Focused
These assets are focused on best-in-class User Interface and User Experience design with Power Apps. Great for front-end devs!
|Title|Description|
|-|-|
|[Canvas App Component Library](./Canvas-App-Component-Library/)|Reusable canvas app components for improving your UI|
|[Responsive Design Template](./Responsive-Design-Template/)|A fully responsive canvas app design template|
|[Kelly's UI/UX Examples](./Kellys-UI-UX-Assets/)|Example designs and starter apps for those looking to improve their Canvas App Design skills|

### Miscellaneous
For use cases that don't fit a particular agency or department:
|Title|Description|
|-|-|
|[Connecting Power Platform GCC to Azure Commercial Resources](./GCC-to-Commercial/)|Demonstrates a workaround that allows a Power Platform/Dynamics 365 environment in GCC to interact with Azure resources that reside in Commercial (not Azure Government)|
|[Dataverse vs. SQL Delegation Testing](./Dataverse-Delegation/)|Testing delegation of Dataverse against SQL in Power Apps, using Power Fx|

Commit message:

Added desk-booking solution to HR section

demos/readme.md, after:

# Microsoft Business Applications Demos
We are pleased to share these SLG-related Microsoft Power Platform/Dynamics 365 demos with you under [the MIT license](./../LICENSE). Please note the following:

- Provided As-Is: The code and assets are provided on an "as-is" basis. While we have made efforts to ensure their quality, we do not guarantee their functionality, completeness, or suitability for any particular purpose.
- No Liability: We cannot be held liable for any damages or issues arising from the use or misuse of the code and assets. This includes but is not limited to any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages.
- No Support: We do not offer any support or maintenance for the code and assets. You are free to modify, distribute, or use them as per the terms of the MIT License, but we cannot assist you in troubleshooting, customization, or any other aspect.

By accessing and utilizing the code and assets, you agree to these terms. For further information regarding the MIT License, please refer to [the accompanying LICENSE file](./../LICENSE).

### Health and Human Services (HHS)
These demos are specifically crafted for Health and Human Services.
|Title|Description|
|-|-|
|[C.H.A.S.E. - Child Welffare AI Assistant](./CHASE/)|AI companion that uses natural language understanding to simplify and streamline child welfare case management, allowing caseworkers to quickly access information, save time, and focus on ensuring the health and safety of children.|

### Public Safety & Justice
These demos are specifically crafted for a Department of Corrections.
|Title|Description|
|-|-|
|[I.R.I.S. - Case Investigations AI Bot](./IRIS/)|Embedded AI system in a case management platform. Employs next-gen generative AI to aid public investigators in various investigation tasks|

### Human Resources
These demos are focused on Human Resources-related functions.
|Title|Description|
|-|-|
|[HR Onboarding/Offboarding and Approval Routing](./onboarding-offboarding-approval/)|Following the request/approval process for onboarding of employees, managing of access catalogs, security roles, and more|
|[Desk Booking](./desk-booking)|App for employees to book desk and offices for the day at their place of work|

### Pro-Dev Focused
These demos are focused on demonstrating a particular technology, feature, or functionality in the platform.
|Title|Description|
|-|-|
|[Dataverse Web API Authentication and CRUD](./Dataverse-API/)|A Postman collection demonstrating use of the Dataverse Web API|
|[Capturing Air Quality Data from an On-Premises Resource via a Data Gateway](https://github.com/TimHanewich/Air-Quality-IoT)|This demonstrates how you can accomplish bidirectional communication with an on-premises server (on your local server) via a *data gateway* that "brokers" the communication between your local service and the Azure cloud (Power Apps). **Scroll down to find the Power Platform portion!**|
|[Leveraging a SQL database with Power Apps](./PowerApps-with-SQL/)|Basic demonstration of bidirectional communication with a SQL database (reading/writing via CRUD operations) in a Power Apps Canvas App|

### UI/UX Design Focused
These assets are focused on best-in-class User Interface and User Experience design with Power Apps. Great for front-end devs!
|Title|Description|
|-|-|
|[Canvas App Component Library](./Canvas-App-Component-Library/)|Reusable canvas app components for improving your UI|
|[Responsive Design Template](./Responsive-Design-Template/)|A fully responsive canvas app design template|
|[Kelly's UI/UX Examples](./Kellys-UI-UX-Assets/)|Example designs and starter apps for those looking to improve their Canvas App Design skills|

### Miscellaneous
For use cases that don't fit a particular agency or department:
|Title|Description|
|-|-|
|[Connecting Power Platform GCC to Azure Commercial Resources](./GCC-to-Commercial/)|Demonstrates a workaround that allows a Power Platform/Dynamics 365 environment in GCC to interact with Azure resources that reside in Commercial (not Azure Government)|
|[Dataverse vs. SQL Delegation Testing](./Dataverse-Delegation/)|Testing delegation of Dataverse against SQL in Power Apps, using Power Fx|
