demos/Canvas-App-Component-Library/readme.md, before:

# Canvas App Component Library

## What is this?
A component library that consists of reusable components for your Canvas Apps. Leverage these components to improve your UI, speed up your development time, or to simply familiarize yourself with how reusable components are created and leveraged.

## What can this be used for?
This asset was created to introduce folks to reusable Canvas App components. Import this library into your Power Platform environment to begin leveraging these tools to improve your familiarity and design of components. Note: All components can be edited by you so feel free to build on these ideas!

## Solution File Version History
You can see each solution file history below:
|Version|Description|
|-|-|
|[1.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/SLG-Business-Applications/releases/download/3/Kelly.Cason.Canvas.Component.Library.-.Version.1.0.0.msapp)|(base functionality)|
|[1.01.1](./KellsCanvasLibrary_1.0.1.zip)|(describe here what changed)|

## How to use
You can download the .msapp file [**here**](https://github.com/microsoft/SLG-Business-Applications/releases/download/3/Kelly.Cason.Canvas.Component.Library.-.Version.1.0.0.msapp) that contains the Canvas App Components.

To install it: 
1. Go to make.gov.powerapps.com 
2. Navigate to Component Libraries 
3. New component library 
4. In the canvas app studio editor, click the ellipses at the top and select "Open". 
5. Click browse and locate the .msapp file on your computer and select Open 
6. Save & Publish

## Creators
Created by [Kelly Cason](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kellycason/) (some components inspired by talented developers such as Tolu Victor, Luise Freese, and Dioni Gomez)

Commit message:

Update solution file download link for 1.0.1

demos/Canvas-App-Component-Library/readme.md, after:

# Canvas App Component Library

## What is this?
A component library that consists of reusable components for your Canvas Apps. Leverage these components to improve your UI, speed up your development time, or to simply familiarize yourself with how reusable components are created and leveraged.

## What can this be used for?
This asset was created to introduce folks to reusable Canvas App components. Import this library into your Power Platform environment to begin leveraging these tools to improve your familiarity and design of components. Note: All components can be edited by you so feel free to build on these ideas!

## Solution File Version History
You can see each solution file history below:
|Version|Description|
|-|-|
|[1.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/SLG-Business-Applications/releases/download/3/Kelly.Cason.Canvas.Component.Library.-.Version.1.0.0.msapp)|(Version 1.0.0 of the component library)|
|[1.01.1](./Canvas-App-Component-Library)|(New components added: Slider, Search, Notification, Donut Chart)|

## How to use
Leverage these reusable components in your Canvas Apps to expedite development and improve your UI/UX!

To install it: 
1. Go to make.gov.powerapps.com 
2. Navigate to Component Libraries 
3. New component library 
4. In the canvas app studio editor, click the ellipses at the top and select "Open". 
5. Click browse and locate the .msapp file on your computer and select Open 
6. Save & Publish

## Creators
Created by [Kelly Cason](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kellycason/) (some components inspired by talented developers such as Tolu Victor, Luise Freese, and Dioni Gomez)
